please number ideas and add an X once they are implemented.

1) pet! X
pet the animal (cat, cat with claws up don't pet), 
(dog, dog with mouth open growling don't pet), scorpion (stings you), crocodile

2) pop!
pop the balloons (a kid holding balloons [cries], a clown holding balloons 
[takes out butcher knife], a set of air balloons [people fall out of sky]), 
balloons float around a little bit and sometimes wind blows and makes them go to
one side

3) date!
select the right response from a menu within a time frame (a dating sim, an rpg, etc)
|_> kick/fireball
|_> kiss :3
|_> punch/ultrablast
could also make this one a boss microgame 


4) hatch!
(tap eggs until they crack, little animals inside... multiple eggs for harder difficulties)

5) dip! -- floppy sword
dip a chip in salsa when the hand is going back and forth
difficulty scaling would be speed of motion and the size of the salsa dish
convolutions: different chips, different hands, different motion patterns, different salsas

6) shave! -- floppy sword
use a razor to shave a man's beard/mustache/armpits (think like wooly willy)

7) combo!
put in a series of inputs to do the correct attack combo
--make this a simple version, upgrade for a boss version as well

8) pump! -- larry
go up and down to pump up an inflatable thing

9) worship!/pray!
move up and down to bend and pray to an idol or something

10) lift! -- floppy sword
move up and down to lift a weight

11) marry!
a ring moves side to side, put it on the correct finger

12) chop! --connor idea --floppy sword
chop vegetables but don't chop your hand off! a comically long carrot

13) pacify!
put a pacifier in a baby's mouth that's crying (hand going up and 
down, if you miss the baby cries even harder and zooms towards the 
screen)

14) get caught(?)! -- floppy sword
you're a fly, fly into a bug zapper or a spiderweb or a venus flytrap

15) count!
something comes on screen and you count it up, then at the end you are asked
"how many?"

16) free!
let animals out of cages--possibly let dinosaurs out and they eat the guards

17) hide!
hide evidence from the police, difficulty changes how many items you have to hide (click to hide)

18) evade!
hide yourself from a monster

19) drag! -- floppy sword
dragon-drop

20) find!
a where's waldo type game

21) guide! -- floppy sword
guide a cat with a laser pointer to a goal
